# Atomic-Layer-Deposition-Simulator
## Understanding the Temperature Dependence of TMA → O-Al(OH)₂* ALD
Atomic layer deposition (ALD) is a technique used to deposit a thin film of vapor-phase materials onto a substrate, achieving unparalleled thickness uniformity on the nanometer scale. ALD also involves self-limiting surface reactions, allowing the gaseous precursor to bind to the substrate one layer at a time. This technique has produced groundbreaking research in the semiconductor and energy-storage industries, enabling ultra-precise control of high-dielectric materials at the nanometer scale for applications including quantum computing, sensors, and Li-ion and solid-state batteries. Unlike chemical vapor deposition, ALD pulses precursor gases into the reaction chamber in cycles rather than continuously pumping precursor into the chamber. The identity of the precursor gas determines the material of the coating, affecting its optical, electronic, and mechanical properties. Therefore, investigating the deposition of different materials is important for developing coatings for different applications. 
In each cycle, the precursor can fully react with the surface of the substrate, allowing precise control of how much precursor interacts with the substrate’s surface and therefore more control over the layer thickness and properties. The temperature of the process can affect the amount of precursor that adsorbs to the surface, affecting the homogeneity of the coating and therefore the resulting properties. To remove any precursor from the gas phase after this cycle, the surface is then pulsed with an inert material that carries away remaining unadsorbed gas molecules. The chamber is then pulsed with the next precursor needed for deposition. Because of this cyclic nature and the operating conditions under which a given reaction may run, materials like Si and SiO2 require long cycle times, limiting production rates3. Although SiO2 coatings are the most common, they also have different properties from other coatings used for aerospace and solar cell applications. 
Al2O3 is used more commonly than SiO2 in semiconductor devices, solar cells, and batteries2. Its greater dielectric constant and shorter cycle time have brought it attention as a potential alternative. Al2O3 is also used in many optical thin-film coatings, enabling the production of multilayer stack designs for coating optical elements. The optimal temperature range of each thin film material is dependent on the ALD chamber design, the substrate material, and the precursor used1. Previous work on Al2O3 ALD at high temperatures found that its dielectric constant and impurity concentration were optimized for semiconductor applications at around 350 oC; however, less work has been performed at temperatures below 100 oC. 
Further understanding how temperature affects the balance between reaction kinetics, precursor stability, and adsorption and desorption rates is crucial to control the properties of the output thin-film material. As thin-films become more widely used in the optical industry for antireflective coatings, high-reflection mirrors, optical filters, and beamsplitters, understanding the effects of manufacturing on the dielectric constant and refractive index of the material is becoming increasingly important4. The goal of this project is to gain a better understanding of this process by explore this temperature dependence through unpacking the governing kinetics and thermodynamics of this process. 
